I know.
Hickey's from messing around with another guy.
Stop it!
Ah, what was I thinking?
There's no way it's a mate mark.
Oh, cut the act.
You're still having your affair with the gardener.
And don't try to tell me that he's not a gardener
and actually an alpha.
What if I am?
You?
An alpha?
Nice try.
Take her away.
Yes, I'll Boston.
Oh, wait.
You're actually an alpha?
That's not possible.
Isn't it old and ugly?
You can't.
I told you already.
I am no longer a rosemary.
And you were an sister of mine.
You won't promise me if I went after Lucy.
You would pay me back.
I've done my part.
Now you keep your award.
This idiot couldn't even recognize Austin.
What use is she?
Give her the money and send her on her way.
That hickey.
It's the same as Lucy, so where'd you get it?
What did you just say?
She has a mark like mine.